Support section data from RST (#388)
ansys/pydpf-composites: doc/source/index.rst

        Provides developer installation and usage information.

> The minimum set of inputs to run a post-processing for composites is the result file(s) of an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum set of inputs to run a postprocessing for composites is the result files of an
```

MAPDL solution and a material file (MATML) which was generated by Engineering Data.
Lay-up files from ACP are optional and only required for some advanced operations. Refer to
:ref:`Limitations`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Have you tried that a MatML file from engineering data is enought. I'm not sure if the material uuids are then written.

Key features
''''''''''''

Here are some key features of PyDPF Composites:

> * Postprocessing of layered shell and solid elements, whether they were preprocessed by ACP or not.

Reviewer 2: As a user, without context this sentence can be confusing I think (What does it me if the model has not been preprocessed by ACP?).
Postprocessing of layered shell and solid elements. MAPDL models as well as models preprocessed with ACP are supported.

> * Post-processing of layered shell and solid elements, whether they were preprocessed by ACP or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Postprocessing of layered shell and solid elements, whether they were preprocessed by ACP or not.
```

* Postprocessing of homogeneous elements.

.. _limitations:

Limitations
'''''''''''
- Only the Mechanical APDL solver is supported.
- The following operators and features are only supported if the model was preprocessed with ACP
  and if the corresponding lay-up definition file is passed to the :class:`.CompositeModel`:

>   - The evaluation of the failure criteria for sandwich (:class:`FaceSheetWrinklingCriterion`, :class:`ShearCrimpingCriterion`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The evaluation of the failure criteria for sandwich (:class:`FaceSheetWrinklingCriterion`, :class:`ShearCrimpingCriterion`) classes
```

    for solid elements. Layered shell elements are always supported.
  - The computation of interlaminar normal stresses (s3) for layered shell elements.
    Otherwise, s3 is zero. This also affects 3D failure criteria which use s3, such as Puck 3D.
    This limitation does not affect (layered) solid elements.
  - The support of variable materials and material fields. Without ACP, only the
    temperature is considered for the evaluation of variable material properties.

>   - Global plies, ply-wise scoping, and ply-wise failure criteria. Layer-wise post-processing is

Reviewer: I disagree with Vale. Do hyphenate "ply-wise" and add it to Vale's accept.txt file.

    always supported thanks to the scripting
  - Plotting results on the reference surface of a laminate.

>   Note: MAPDL models which have not been preprocessed with ACP can be converted. For more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note: MAPDL models that have not been preprocessed with ACP can be converted. For more
```

* Postprocessing of homogeneous elements.

.. _limitations:

Limitations
'''''''''''
- Only the Mechanical APDL solver is supported.
- The following operators and features are only supported if the model was
  preprocessed with ACP and if the corresponding lay-up definition file is passed to the :class:`.CompositeModel` class.

  - The evaluation of the failure criteria for sandwich
    (:class:`FaceSheetWrinklingCriterion <.failure_criteria.FaceSheetWrinklingCriterion>`,
    :class:`ShearCrimpingCriterion <.failure_criteria.ShearCrimpingCriterion>`)
    for solid elements. Layered shell elements are always supported.

  - The computation of interlaminar normal stresses (s3) for layered shell elements.

>     Otherwise, s3 is zero. This also affects 3D failure criteria which use s3,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Without ACP layup definitions, s3 is always zero. This also affects 3D failure criteria which use s3,
```
